hi everybody in this video I want to
talk about well facts well is the common
name for various marine mammals of the
order Cetacea the term whales sometimes
refers to all citizens but more often it
excludes dolphins and porpoises which
belonged to the sabor de undone to set
whales range in size from the blue whale
the largest animal known to have ever
existed which have a size of 30 meters
or 19 feet and has a weight or of 180
tons - pygmy species such as pygmy sperm
whale which is about 11 feet or 3.5
meters inland whales are long-lived and
they live depending on species so for
example humpback whales can live up up
to 77 years while bow had a whales
mainly for our century human hunting
whales from the 17th century until 1986
radically reduced the populations of
some whale species light on well also
depends on species it can range from
microscopic plankton to large marine
mammals many ways especially baleen
whales tend to migrate long distances
from their cold water feeding grounds to
world water breeding grounds each year
they travel alone or in groups or pots
on their annual migrations massed whales
are quite active in the water they jump
high or bridge out of the water and land
back in the water
they also trust their tails out of the
water and slap the water's surface which
is believed to be a warning of danger
nearby whales also communicate with each
other using lyrical sounds these sounds
are extremely loud depending on the
species and can be heard for many miles
because of their environment
and because they need to breathe air by
coming to the water's surface
whales are conscious breathers meaning
that they decide when to breathe all
mammals sleep including whales but they
cannot afford to fall into unconscious
state for too long since they need to be
conscious to breathe I mean to break the
surface in order to breathe the physical
design of the whale is very complex and
it is why they are able to survive in
the water they depend on their flippers
and their dorsal fins to help them move
in the water and to stay balanced they
also have blow holes at the top of them
where they take and in earth then they
can be submerged under the water for a
period of time before they need to take
another breath and these characteristics
definitely separates them from the
majority of aquatic life out there and
then basically it for wealth facts if
you liked this video please take a
moment and comment below watch other
videos on our channel about other
animals and subscribe to our channel as
well